hi guys section here so Marin audit on
Polaroid Pro g400 smartphone my job
Uggla silicide pH market avalanche long
linen last May of this year my team
detail Bosnia so here is the phone
immersion two-tone color black and
silver combination a major career
viewing edges now and night ano I was a
autonomy important part and the new
mouthpiece me to dot blot a post and it
in the menu volume button increase or
decrease then unit operator manual power
button opposition signature for your
micro USB charger and the new headphones
up so back partner man Ujala nice matte
finish with a Camarena 2 megapixel with
flash the numbe number bannermen and the
noon speaker yeah an Impala rebranding
logo the phone is 4 inches capacitive
touch panel powered by a single core
clock at 1 gigahertz with a pipe one to
run Marin did some internal 4 gigabyte
and storage then expandable up to 32
gigabyte via journal micro SD card top
assume operating system is Android 4.1
jelly bean out panel box pack vanilla
new screen display man it's a resolution
mention 320 by 480 a dual SIM card
volatile APIs a you can shoot a photo
using a 2 megapixel camera sub Sabha and
point 3 megapixels a brand new madrina
months an idiom ion and 12 100
milliampere in a capacity totaling
hands-on corner Polaroid Pro g400
smartphone let me open a new Facebook
fan page channel maricella Polaroid
Philippines so check me on delegated
description so rate comment and
subscribe my question scale hominem so
anyway guys thanks for watching bye
[Music]